business-to-business and
business-to-consumer contracts should
be covered; emphasises that the
[optional instrument] must offer a very
high level of consumer protection, in
order to compensate consumers for the
protection that they would normally
enjoy under their national law; wishes
for further explanation on how this
... to support civil society, to
support the interim transitional
national council and Mr Jibril (we have
had many meetings with him); to support
security sector reform; to build on
what the people told us that they
A more balanced approach has allowed us
to have a joint motion for a resolution
today which will be constructive and
targeted at the opportunities for
closer cooperation between Ukraine and
the European Union, while judicial
reform is carried out in the country
and the anti-corruption measures
Above all, the European Union must
refrain from taking sides in the
According to the Act of Accession,
verification, by means of evaluation
procedures, that the necessary
conditions for the application of all
parts of the Schengen acquis (data
protection, the SIS, air borders, land
borders, sea borders, police
cooperation and visas) have been met by
the new Member States is a precondition
for the Council to decide on the
abolition of checks at internal borders
with those Member States. I did not
endorse this document because taking
into account the results of the
evaluations and the necessary revisits
carried out by teams of experts, the
committee responsible has concluded
that there are some outstanding issues
that will require regular reporting and
a follow-up at some point in the future.
Accordingly, we must assess expected
conditions and specific circumstances
and determine what we have to do to
make sure that Europe exists and does
not end up as a loser.
After 20 years, even Mr Medvedev had to
admit that one cannot ignore the
terrible and criminal heritage of
Russian power. I recall the words of
our colleague, Mr Swoboda, who
yesterday asked for a full clearing up
of Russian history, especially the
atrocities of the Stalin era.
After the adoption of a general
approach by the Council in March, we
got down to business immediately,
engaging in intense trialogue
negotiations with Parliament and the
Air services agreements now fall into
this category, as they cover an area to
which the ordinary legislative
All the Members have had an opportunity
to speak. I allowed them to speak for
at least 15 seconds and even a minute
in some cases, and the balance between
the political groups has been fully
Allow me now to turn to the six
legislative proposals on economic
governance, called the 'six-pack' in
our common jargon. I will not go into
detail as it is on the plenary agenda
Although I am not entirely in favour of
the resources released in this way
being allocated to the Union's budget,
as I think that the Millennium
Development Goals should benefit, at
least in part, I wished to vote for
paragraph 171 to send a positive signal
to the Commission and the Council
regarding the implementation of this
Although some issues remain unresolved,
such as the negative impact on
biodiversity of tar sands extraction
and of some seal-derived products, I
voted in favour not only because the
public procurement problem has
practically been resolved, but also
because of the benefits to the Member
States, and to prevent the negotiations
from suffering any delays.
Although these businesses are not
involved in door-to-door selling, they
naturally make frequent deals with
customers that are concluded with a
Among the conclusions to draw from it,
it should be stressed that the running
costs of these programmes are estimated
to be some EUR 800 million per annum
and that revenue will only reach EUR 80
million per annum by around 2030.
An innovation policy that is consistent
and integrated, and has a long-term
vision will enable us to leverage
strengths and resolve weaknesses
detected at regional level.
Annual growth rates of the market for
GNSS-enabled products and services are
estimated to be above 10%. The
Commission should launch a
comprehensive analysis to identify more
precisely the possible scenarios and
means of operation and exploitation
Antibiotic resistance in livestock and
domestic animals has become a problem
Apart from the threat of accident or
terrorist attack, there is also
considerable evidence of adverse health
effects along Ireland's eastern
seaboard attributed to Sellafield
As Amnesty suggested, however, it is
vital to link these with the TDIP
report and with the follow-up that the
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice
and Home Affairs (LIBE) has agreed to
take up in a new own-initiative report.
As Mr Reul said, we must, of course,
encourage excellence.
As a representative of the Group of the
European People's Party (Christian
Democrats), I would like to pose a
question to the President of the
Commission, who has been busy dealing
with the pictures that we have been
seeing in recent weeks from the
Mediterranean, where many people
fleeing from the situation in Africa
have made it to Europe, while some have
also failed to make it. We have had to
see the images of these stranded and
dead people on the news.
As advocated by the rapporteur, I too
urge the European Commission to
continue applying pressure to approve
these proposals, as the measures
provided for in the agreement will only
be truly effective at combating
illegal, unreported and unregulated
(IUU) fishing if and when they are
applied in a comprehensive, uniform and
transparent manner, in order to avoid
loopholes that could be easily
exploited by the IUU fishing operators.
As far as the EU's role in multilateral
security organisations is concerned, it
has been said that the regulations
which make it possible for the European
Union to benefit from NATO funding
should be streamlined.
As has been said many times, we are
very close to achieving the goal, but
at the same time it is important that
we are successful in the voting today
and in July. I would also like to thank
Mr Kármán from the Hungarian
Presidency, who has done a splendid job.
As part of our preparatory work, the
Commission is exploring the idea of
candidate countries joining the
initiative after 2019. I would also
inform you that a number of cities in
other third countries have already
As regards our emerging strategic
partners around the globe, we have
witnessed recently how culture can
become an integral part of our external
relations. I am more committed than
ever to advancing further this very
important dimension of our European
As some of my fellow Members have
pointed out, if these points were to be
clarified, the Commission would be well
advised to consult the European
Parliament when issuing a mandate.
As such, its aim is to create a full
picture of when, where, how and on
which animals the antimicrobials are
actually used today, without creating
additional financial or administrative
burdens for farmers or other animal
owners, taking into account the fact
that farming practice and intensity is
different from one Member State to
As the protocol to the current
Fisheries Partnership Agreement will
expire in the future, the Commission's
intention to open renewal negotiations
with the other party is logical.
As we come into the autumn, we need a
serious examination, and we have put
down some 60 questions to the
Commission on this matter, with the aim
of identifying where we are getting
poor implementation.
